# Notes to the Editor

## Relevant style guidelines

The proposed infographic is designed for print, so I need to use the Lato font
with sizes 12, 8.5 and 8.5 for the title, axis titles and axis labels,
respectively. Additionally, the sources and notes should be font size 8, with
the direct labels on the "GDPR violations" plot being of size 9.5. For this
plot, I was also tempted to make it a map, but the style guide discouraged this
unless it revealed a geographic pattern, which it did not.  Additionally, the
"websites of the internet" plot shows four groups, so I should use the
categorical colour palettes suggested by the style-guide.

## Guidelines That Were Met and Not Met

All the guidelines related to font choice and size, and the colours on the
chart, were met. With the exception of the direct labels, all the text is
aligned horizontally according to the guide.  However, the charts are not
full-width, as the style guide suggests. I chose not to follow this point
because the infographic is designed for print and the available 20x24cm space
can be better used by having two columns, with one narrower chart in each.
Additionally, figure numbers and the Urban Institute tagline are missing.  For
the left chart, I did not avoid vertical grid-lines and the
accompanying text was not horizontal.

## Possible Alterations

With more assistance, I would ask how to better design the left bar plot, as it
does not fully follow the style guide, and it might be misleading. First off,
the non-EU and overall average vertical lines might be interpreted as
proportion of GDPR violations, while it is only there for reference,
seeing as these sites might be hosted in non-GDPR countries. Additionally, I
would ask for help on how to highlight the three reference averages without
using vertical text, while still making everything fit in the chart.
